
# InventoryAdjustment

### Description

Represents a change in state or quantity of product inventory at a particular time and location.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | A unique ID generated by Square for the [InventoryAdjustment](#type-inventoryadjustment). |  [optional]
**referenceId** | **String** | An optional ID provided by the application to tie the [InventoryAdjustment](#type-inventoryadjustment) to an external system. |  [optional]
**fromState** | **String** | The [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) of the related quantity of items before the adjustment. See [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) for possible values |  [optional]
**toState** | **String** | The [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) of the related quantity of items after the adjustment. See [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) for possible values |  [optional]
**locationId** | **String** | The Square ID of the [Location](#type-location) where the related quantity of items are being tracked. |  [optional]
**catalogObjectId** | **String** | The Square generated ID of the [CatalogObject](#type-catalogobject) being tracked. |  [optional]
**catalogObjectType** | **String** | The [CatalogObjectType](#type-catalogobjecttype) of the [CatalogObject](#type-catalogobject) being tracked. Tracking is only supported for the &#x60;ITEM_VARIATION&#x60; type. |  [optional]
**quantity** | **String** | The number of items affected by the adjustment as a decimal string. Can support up to 5 digits after the decimal point.  _Important_: The Point of Sale app and Dashboard do not currently support decimal quantities. If a Point of Sale app or Dashboard attempts to read a decimal quantity on inventory counts or adjustments, the quantity will be rounded down to the nearest integer. For example, &#x60;2.5&#x60; will become &#x60;2&#x60;, and &#x60;-2.5&#x60; will become &#x60;-3&#x60;.  Read [Decimal Quantities (BETA)](/orders-api/what-it-does#decimal-quantities) for more information. |  [optional]
**totalPriceMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) | The read-only total price paid for goods associated with the adjustment. Present if and only if &#x60;to_state&#x60; is &#x60;SOLD&#x60;. Always non-negative. |  [optional]
**occurredAt** | **String** | A client-generated timestamp in RFC 3339 format that indicates when the adjustment took place. For write actions, the &#x60;occurred_at&#x60; timestamp cannot be older than 24 hours or in the future relative to the time of the request. |  [optional]
**createdAt** | **String** | A read-only timestamp in RFC 3339 format that indicates when Square received the adjustment. |  [optional]
**source** | [**SourceApplication**](SourceApplication.md) | Read-only information about the application that caused the inventory adjustment. |  [optional]
**employeeId** | **String** | The Square ID of the [Employee](#type-employee) responsible for the inventory adjustment. |  [optional]
**transactionId** | **String** | The read-only Square ID of the [Transaction][#type-transaction] that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for payment-related state transitions. |  [optional]
**refundId** | **String** | The read-only Square ID of the [Refund][#type-refund] that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for refund-related state transitions. |  [optional]
**purchaseOrderId** | **String** | The read-only Square ID of the purchase order that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for state transitions from the Square for Retail app. |  [optional]
**goodsReceiptId** | **String** | The read-only Square ID of the Square goods receipt that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for state transitions from the Square for Retail app. |  [optional]



